1.Sign up page not available on My Account page
Precondition :
url -http://www.rushplace.com/my-account/

Step to reproduce :
Navigate to given url
Search for sign up or register option ,it is nowhere on the page.
Click on My account link,it will directly navigate to login page.

Actual result :
Sign up page is not appearing anywhere on the page

Expected result :
After clicking on My account ,sign up option must be there

2.Register user with blank or incomplete details
Prerequisite:
Launch "http://newtours.demoaut.com/mercurysignon.php" url

Steps to reproduce :
1) navigate to above given url
2) Navigate and select the link "Register here".
3) Enter the details to all fields.

Actual Result- Blank textfields are accepted.

Expected result- Blank textfields should give error message.
blank fields are accepted at the time of registration on "http://newtours.demoaut.com/mercurysignon.php"

3.Details of registered user is not showing in profile tab
prerequisite :
Launch "http://newtours.demoaut.com/mercurysignon.php" url with registered username 

Steps to reproduce:
1) hit the given url
2) Navigate and sign in.
3) Click Profile tab.

Actual Result- All textfields are blank.

Expected result- All textfields should have the details filled at the time of registration.
The details of user is not visible in Profile tab.

4.Filtering on the basis of high to low price is empty	
Precondition:
navigate to url : www.rushplace.com

Steps to reproduce :
navigate on shop home option
  click on Default sorting drop down option
select Sort by high to low option

Actual result :
No result for this particular sorting
Expected result :
Product should be displayed in high to low sorting order
 
5.Search button is not working
Steps to reproduce :
Type something to search in search option
click on search button
press enter button

Actual result :
Search button is not working and searching is executed on pressing enter

Expected result :
Searching should be done b clicking on search button

6.Without registration or login ,product is Adding to basket
Steps to reproduce:
Search the item that need to be added
click on add in basket option
product will be added without any validation of user

Actual result :
without sign in ,products are adding to the cart

Expected result :
for adding product to cart ,it should first ask for the user login or sign up

